		CORE–3 Practical: Programming using C++ Lab

1.	Write a Program to find greatest among three numbers using nested if…else statement.
2.	Write a Program to check a number is prime or not.
3.	Write a Program to find the GCD and LCM of two numbers.
4.	Write a program to print the result for following series: 1! + 2! + 3! + …………
5.	Write a program to print multiplication table from 1 to 10.
6.	Write a Program for Swapping of two numbers using pass by value.
7.	Write a Program for Swapping of two numbers using pass by address.
8.	Write a Program for Swapping of two numbers using pass by reference.
9.	Write a Program to find sum of four numbers using default argument passing.
10.	Write a Program to find square and cube of a number using inline function.
11.	Write a Program to find the factorial of a number.
12.	Write a Program to find reverse of a number.
13.	Write a program to find sum of four numbers using default argument passing in member function.
14.	Write a Program to find area of circle, triangle and rectangle using function overloading.
15.	Write a program to distinguish the properties of static and non-static ata members.
16.	Write a program to show the method of accessing static private member function.
17.	Write a program to show the ways of calling constructors and destructors.
18.	Write a program to perform ++ operator overloading using member function.
19.	Write a program to perform ++ operator overloading using friend function.
20.	Write a program to perform + operator overloading for two complex number addition.
21.	Write a program to perform + operator overloading for string concatenation.
22.	Write a program to perform single inheritance.
23.	Write a program to perform multiple inheritance.
24.	Write a program to create an integer array using new operator and find the sum and average of array elements.
25.	Write a program to implement virtual destructor.
26.	Create the Person class. Create some objects of this class (by taking information from the user). Inherit the class Person to create two classes Teacher and Student class. Maintain the respective information in the classes and create, display and delete objects of these two classes (Use Runtime Polymorphism).
27.	Write a program to Copy the contents of one file to other.
